feat: add local proxy tunnel api (#309)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-sql-nodejs-connector: README.md

connector.close();
```

### Using a Local Proxy Tunnel

> Another possible way to use the Cloud SQL Node.js Connector creating a
> local proxy server that creates a tunnel to the secured connection stablished
> using the `Connector.startLocalProxy()` method instead of
> `Connector.getOptions()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another possible way to use the Cloud SQL Node.js Connector is by creating a
local proxy server that tunnels to the secured connection established
using the `Connector.startLocalProxy()` method instead of
`Connector.getOptions()`.
```
